---
title: "Process Authorisation"
menuTitle: "Process Authorisation"
date: 2018-05-07T10:32:12+09:30
draft: false
weight: 1
---

This endpoint processes an authorisation to finalise the transaction.

**Method:** *ProcessAuthorisation*

<h3>Request</h3>

Parameter | Type | length | Description
----------|------|--------|------------
x_pos_transaction_ref | Unicode string | 64 | This must be the same reference that would get passed through on future *ProcessSalesAdjustment* requests. This field is mandatory - if the POS system does not have this information at the time of the request, it should pass through a temporary unique value (e.g. a GUID) so that Oxipay has the information it needs to process retry attempts. If a temporary value *is* used; a subsequent request to *SendReceipt* **must** be made when the actual transaction reference is known by the POS system, so that Oxipay can successfully reconcile future *ProcessSalesAdjustment* requests.
x_merchant_id | Unicode string | 10 | Merchant identifier as defined by Oxipay
x_purchase_amount | int | 12 | Total purchase amount (in cents)
x_finance_amount | int | 12 | Amount that the customer wants the finance for from Oxipay (in cents)
x_pre_approval_code | Unicode string | 6, optionally 10 digits when including 6199 prefix | The pre-approval code obtained from barcode that the customer is presented
purchase_items <code class="optional">optional</code> | String | 200 | A JSON formatted string containing information about the purchase items e.g. <code>{ "PurchaseItems": [ "Item1", "Item2" ] }</code><br/>**Note**: the purchase item array is assigned to a field named "PurchaseItems".
x_device_id | Unicode string | 64 | Unique device identifier for the POS terminal
x_operator_id | Unicode string | 64 | ID of POS/terminal operator
x_firmware_version | Unicode string | 64 | current firmware version of POS device
tracking_data <code class="optional">optional</code> | Associative array | Max 1000000 | A map that can be populated with additional tracking/state information that will get passed back in the response
signature | Hex string case-insensitive | 200 | Payload that is signed using HMAC-SHA256 using a device specific key

<h3>Response</h3>

Parameter | Type | Description
-----------|------|-------------
x_status | Unicode string | Success/Failure/Error
x_code | Unicode string | A code that maps to a <a href="/api_information/status_codes/">specific reason</a>
x_message | Unicode string | A string explaining the status/code above. Example: For an Approval, what will be customer’s first direct debit date. For an Error: Bank declined – Insufficient Funds
x_purchase_number | Unicode string | Unique transaction identifier generated by Oxipay
tracking_data | Associative array | Echoes tracking_data sent on the request
signature | Hex string case-insensitive | Payload that is signed using HMAC-SHA256 using a device specific key

<h3>Testing</h3>

The following describes dummy API requests that return a predictable response. Please contact <a href="mailto:support@{{< domain >}}">support@{{< domain >}}</a> to get access to the test/dummy APIs.

Request -> x_pre_approval_code | Response -> x_status | Response -> x_code
-----------|-----------|-----------
01###### | Success | SPRA01
10###### | Failed | FPRA01
11###### | Failed | FPRA02
12###### | Failed | FPRA03
13###### | Failed | FPRA04
14###### | Failed | FPRA05
15###### | Failed | FPRA06
16###### | Failed | FPRA07
17###### | Failed | FPRA08
18###### | Failed | FPRA21
19###### | Failed | FPRA22
20###### | Failed | FPRA23
21###### | Failed | FPRA24
22###### | Failed | FPRA99
23###### | Failed | FPRA09
30###### | Error | EVAL01
31###### | Error | EAUT01
32###### | Error | EVAL02
any other value | Error | EISE01

<span style="color:grey;"><b>#</b> signifies an alphanumeric digit</span>

**Testing Assumptions**

* To generate the signature, use a device-signing-key of "1234567890". A invalid signature will cause an ESIG01 Error.
